Fix some minor typos in readme (#54)
JuPedSim/simulator: README.md

### Running jps

> To run *jps* jpscore's location needs to be in the `PYTHONPATH`, e.g.:

Reviewer: `jpscore.so` is not a type but the name of the library on unix systems

```suggestion
To run *jps* the location of the jpscore library (e.g., on Linux `jpscore.so`) needs to be in the `PYTHONPATH`, e.g.:
```

```bash

> PYTHONPATH=~/simulation-build/bin ./jps/jps --help

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PYTHONPATH=~/simulator-build/bin ./jps/jps --help
```

```
### Repository Layout

The repository layout follows the high level architecture of the *jps* tool. At
the core is a C++ library for pedestrian simulation. This core is wrapped
with `pybind11` to allow use of the simulation library from python. Lastly there
is the actual *jps* application written in python. The python layer is used to
handle all the non-resource / compute intensive parts of the application, i.e.

> initial setup, file handling etc.

Reviewer 2: Could you please correct line 108 as well?

Author: Done!
